To whom it may concern，

Hello! Thank you for your support. On behalf of the Cyber Security Department of the Ministry of Public Security of China, I report to you the illegal link of Falungong on your platform .

Falungong has been defined as a heresy in China, which violates the criminal law, the law of minor protection and other laws and regulations. Among them, Article 300 of the Criminal Law of our country stipulates that: organizing and utilizing Huidaogen, cult organizations or using superstition to destroy the implementation of state laws and administrative regulations shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years but not more than seven years, if the circumstances are particularly serious, and shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than seven years. The Explanation of the Supreme People's Procuratorate of the Supreme People's Court on Several Questions Concerning the Specific Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Organizing and Utilizing Cult Organizations (2) clearly stipulates that if the production and dissemination of Cult propaganda materials, propaganda of Cult and undermining the implementation of laws and administrative regulations, the provisions of Article 300, paragraph 1, of the Criminal Law shall be followed. To organize and make use of cult organizations to destroy the law and implement the conviction and punishment.

According to the above-mentioned laws and regulations of our country,please block the access of users from China's IP address.

https://github.com/jdzs1/fq

https://github.com/iqwytd266/djy/blob/master/gb/ncid278.md?fldfiqwytd266#1

https://github.com/gfw-breaker/banned-news

Thank you.

Best,

[private]  

Cyber Security Department of the Ministry of Public Security of China

Dec.12th,2019
